The Cisco Iowa is a single file that a Rato will load into RAM when it boots up.
Typically from flash in this example I've connected to an 18 41 router show flash shows us the operating
system stored in flash show version shows us that this is the system file that the router is using.
So the router loaded this image from flash into RAM and that's the operating system that the rod is
currently using.
Now every operating system has a file system that's used for the organization of files and operating
system will typically store files in a fault system which includes directories and files within directories
in Windows as an example.
You use a backslash to indicate directories.
So as an example in Windows you would ghoti see Colan backslash uses.
DAVID In my example desktop to view files on the desktop Linux uses a forward slash for the directory
structure on a router once again show flash shows us the flash Diyar or.
Well so shows us the contents of flash.
Notice flash and Ford slash.
We also have the Mac directory option so we could create a directory called Test in Flash.
So now when we use the Kamandi are we see this directory called taste which is very similar to what
you typically find in Linux.
I could then use the show running Komando Show running conflict command and I could pipe that.
And in this case I could redirect the output to flash
test and then let's push it to a file called Show run dot see if g.
So now when I use the Kamandi are I see the directory test but I could use the command via our flash
test and we can see the show run see if Chief file stored in that directory.
Notice the show flash command not only shows me the root directory but in this case also shows me that
file in this directory called test so I noticed Dhia are vs show flesh.
So if you've used Linux this is very similar to Linux commands.
Or if you've used C D in Windows it's very similar.
We can read the contents of that fall by using the more command some more flash colon test Ford slash
show run C of G and that actually reads the contents of the file in that directory.
So the Cisco IOS provides a feature called the Cisco Iowas integrated file system or Cisco efface.
This system allows you to create navigate and manipulate directories on a Cisco device.
The directories that are available are dependent on the platform that you are using false systems that
you'll come across include flash memory file contents as I've demonstrated.
You also have network false systems such as TFT or trivial file transfer protocol RCP or remote copy
and file transfer protocol or if DP You also have other places where you can write data such as in the
RAM so a Cisco device could have a USP flash it could have flash memory on the motherboard.
It could have RAM NV RAM and DP.